# motivate

She wanted to find some effective ways to motivate her son to study.

# mourn

Many students gathered in the hall spontaneously to mourn for their teacher.

# anatomy

Anatomy of a LaTeX document

# curly

He had a thick crop of black curly hair.

# macros

The  computer can be preprogrammed (hard-wired) to draw macros.

# margin

He is on the margin of bare subsistence.

# substitute

The course teaches you the theory but there's no substitute for practical experience.

# align

When an electric current passes through the liquid, the crystals align, preventing light from passing through.

# identical

The two parties fought the last election on almost identical manifestos.

# tabular

In tabular form Set the style to Ordered List.

# caption

Most graphs have a few basic parts: a caption or introduction paragraph, a little, a legend or key, and labeled axes.

# indicate

Opinion polls indicated a feeling among the public that it was time for a change.

# numerate

Curits adds that being highly numerate and having good analytical skills is increasingly important.

# nest

A lone mother Canada goose honked a warning to stay away from her nest.

# itemize

The report itemizes 23 different faults.

# asterisk

I've placed an asterisk next to the tasks I want you to do first.

# backslash

It's also recommended to use forward slash in the path to the folder instead of usual.

# exponent

She is a great exponent of socialism.

# hyperlink

The field bound to the text property of the hyperlink.
