# This markdown file is  filled with words which were found in books about c++ programme

## iteration

Optimization analysis on iteration process of complex product development based on uncertainty.

## hash

The government made a total hash of things and squandered a small fortune.

## terminate

This train terminates at London Victoria.

## semicolon

Always include a semicolon st the end of the job definition.

## bifurcate

The average bifurcate angle of the bronchi.

## consequently

Consequently, we should have no problem reaching our goals this year.

## cumbersome

The organization changed its cumbersome title to something easier to remember.

## de-reference

Just like with atoms, you can de-reference and print the values after the execution of the function and see that the values have changed.

## preceding

This puts the cart before the horse, elections should follow, not precede, agreement on a constitution.

## derived

He derived great satisfaction from knowing that his son was happy.

## precision

He lacked profundity and analytical precision.

## crux

Add this report really drives home the crux of my research.

## rendering

Rendering Chinese Ancient Books: Some Aspects of Expression.

## dedicated

I the hands of dedicated men, true believers.

## coordinate

Best Surface Cover Selection of Coordinate System Based on Data Processing Method.

## perpendicular

The sides of the loch are almost perpendicular.

## magnitude

Dependable production is just as important as the magnitude of output.

## segment

Thress-to-five day cruises are the fastest-growing segment of the market.

# 日渐划水是因为我在阅读英语编程书籍
