# upright 
I don't think he did that bad thing, and you know he is an upright citizen.
# vacation
The couple went on vacation and left their son to me.
# tyre
There is no tread on this tyre, we should put on a new one.
# organism
His father is a scientist studying organism.
# originate
He wants to collect some money to originate a school.
# orphan
She was an orphan and lived with a dog, so I often visited her and gave her some food.
# oven
What are you baking in the oven? I seem to smell something burnt.
# organ
Considering her present state of health, she is not suitable for the organ transplantation.
The organ played as the artist appeared on the stage.
# orchard
You can gather many windfalls in the orchard after the storm.
# optimistic
Be optimistic! You know downhearted thoughts would hinder progress.
# recommend
I will recommend you a few universities.
# recreation
Proper recreation will make tired workers in high spirits.
# referee
Mr.Thomas is going to referee the football match.
# reform
The agricultural reform had made quick progress within five months.
# reflection
As we all know, the bending of the light rays is caused by reflection.
# refuge
We took refuge in a bomb shelter.
# ration
The hungry people rushed to get the small ration of food.
# comprehensive
Is it true that your daughter is studying at the local comprehensive school.
# compulsory
Every child must accept compulsory education according to law.
# concentrate
You must concentrate your efforts on finding ways to reduce costs.
# concrete
This building was made of reinforced concerte.
# condemn 
He was condemned by the school for cheating in the examination.
# condom
Some cities have already set up condom vending machines in public to control the spread if AIDS.
# cone
Next I will draw a picture of cone and tell you some features of the cone.
# deduction
They are talking about tax deduction at the moment.
# defect
He wanted to find some ways to make up for a defect of his character.
# defendant
It is inconceivable that the defendant was declared innocent.
# dazzle
It was my first time to go shopping in the mall, and I was dazzled by the beautiful clothes here.
# decimal
The answer to this arithmetic problem is a circulating decimal.
# decorate
The professor prepared to decorate his new house, but he did not want to spend too much money.
# typhoon
A lot of people died in the violent last night.
# turnover
The shopkeeper always kept his shop's turnover in secret.
# tune
Have you ever heard that tune which was being played by him?
# tumor
When he got the news that there was a tumor in his head, he became very frightened and cried.
# tuition
The desire for personal development and growth can be satisfied by providing tuition redunds.
# trumpet
He is an expert in playing the trumpet, so he will show his talent in the evening gala.
# tropic
This is the first time that I have been to the tropics, and  everything seems to be interesting.
# trolley
My grandpa told me they often rolled the trolley to carry heavy things in the past.
# triumph
They are very excited by the news of a complete triumph.
