# praise
Everyone praised the little girl for the painting she drew.
# stall
The old man's stall was kicked down by the man.
# stamp
You have to stick the stamp on the envelope.
# present
The committee has presented the final report to Parliament.
# preserve
We have taken effective measures to preserve our natural resources.
# preside
Our manager let me preside this meeting, so I must prepare in advance.
# press office
If you want to find him, please go to the press office.
# priest
He portrays a kind-hearted priest.
# privatize
I'm glad that I have the privilege of meeting the Prime Minister.
# sophisticated
Young as she is, she is a sophisticated woman who is adored by her boss.
# specialism
Mary and I are twins, but her specialism is physics and mine is English.
# specimen
It took her three tears to collect those butterfly specimens.
# spectacle
The sunrise seen from the top of the mountain was a tremendous spectacle.
# speculate 
As far as I know, he is busy with speculating in stocks.
# sperm
The doctor selected good quality sperm for invitro fertilization.
# spinach
Come on and have a taste of the spinach I cooked.
# spit
She bitted off a mouthful of the moldy bread and then spat it out immediately.
# splendid
He was shocked by the splendid waterfall and took many photos in front of it.
# spoil
Meat spoil more quickly without preservatives.
# suckle
She suckles her baby hardly in wartime, waiting for her husband to return home.
# sufficient
The baby needs to get sufficient sleep.
# sugar cane
Grandmother gave up her favourite sugar cane after her teeth began to fall out.
# suitcase
I packed some clothes and books into my suitcase.
# suitor
The suitor has stated the process of the robbery.
# summarize
The teacher asked him to summarize the main content of that article.
# sunbathe
It is good to your health to sunbathe.
# transmission
I don't know why the date transmission speed of my computer is very slow.
# treasure
The king donated all his treasure to the national museum.
# treaty
Qing government had signed a series of unequal treaties in the old days.
# trial
The woman was on trial for abusing her stepdaughter.
# triangle
After arriving there we knew the play was oerformed on  a triangle stage.
# tribe
As a matter of fact, people in the tribe lived a simple life as the barbarians.
# trickery
He used to deceive others by trickery, so he has lost a lot of friends.
# occupation
Many young people have no enough respect for their occupations nowadays.
# offend
The teenagers without good instruction are likely to offend.
# offspring
The girl is very clever as the offspring of a musician and a mathematician.
# oldster
Oldsters could take part in various activities to dismiss the loneliness.
# operate
His left leg was broken and he was sent to the hospital to be operated immediately.
# opponent
I had warned you to pay attention to your political oppenent.
# oppose
All the peace-loving people in the world will oppose ciolence and war.
# optical
I think that's only an optical illusion, for there is no ghosts in the world.
# defer
Owing to the weather, we have to defer this party for a week.
# definite
We hope that you can give us a definite answer, and the whole company is waiting for you.
# deflation
I this situation we should adopt the policy of deflation.
# degenerate
To our surprise, her health degenerated quickly and needed an operation.
# delegate
As an official delegate , he will go to the capital for an important meeting.
# delicacy
It's disgusting that snakes are considered a great delicacy in this area.
# pepper
Don't add any pepper to the dishes, since she is hypersensitive to it.
# phrase
Pick out the phrases in these sentences.
# parallel
Our maths teacher is drawing two parallel lines on the blackboard.
# parliament
Is it a truth that parliament makes laws in this country.
# participate
Because of my job, I can't participate in the activity held on this Saturday.
# participle
Generally speaking , the past participle and the present participle are two forms of participle.
# passive
Please change this active sentence into a passive one.
# patriotic
Everyone should be patriotic and pround of his country.
# patrol
They were unfortunately found by a soldier on patrol.
# patron
I am a patron of your shop, so can you give me a discount.
# payee
Of course you can choose to post the check to the payee.