# captcha

Despite these difficulties, CAPTCHA has become one of the most popular spam prevention devices.

# puppeteer

A small figure of a person operated from above withe strings by a puppeteer.

# tricky

It was a tricky problem but I think we've licked it.

# pattern

Before you cut the cloth, make sure that the pattern matches up on both edges.

# adequate

We cannot guarantee adequate supplies of raw materials.

# capitalisation

A common problem affecting most methods other than market capitalisation is timing.

# pivotal

The algorithm of Cartoon Rendering reflects some pivotal themes and technique of NPR.

# notation

Notation may also increase the memory value of a classification scheme.

# perturbation

This message caused perturbation in the Middle East Headquarters.

# omit

Omit the salt in this recipe.

# harmonic

Each element provides a different visual sensation that resonates as a harmonic within the symphony  Yip conducts.

# implicitly

It reinforces, implicitly or explicitly, the idea that money is all-important.

# potential

We send all  potential clients an infopack.

# kinetic

Study on the kinetic Character of Two Phase During the Sand Shooting.

# rectangular

Construct a set of rectangular axes abd resolve any inclined forces into rectangular components.

# ladder

The policeman ascended the ladder and got the naughty boy down from the roof of the house.

# investigate

The police officers are typing to investigate the crime, but at present they have not found a witness.

# irony

The irony was that the two men who hated each other became relatives by marriage later.

# intimate

We were once very intimate friends several years ago, but now we seem to be strangers.

# intimidate

The witness was intimidated, so he dared not to tell the truth.

# introverted

Compared to other children, Andrew is  introverted who dislikes to share his stories with others.
