# dilute
The porridge is a little dense. Let's pour some water to dilute it.
# diplomacy
It is necessary for us to enhance the flexibility of our diplomacy.
# director
That director made his daughter start as a junior clerk in the company.
# disability
The optimistic deaf man believes that physical disability will never cause mental anguish.
# disadvantaged
The government decided to help those disadvantaged families.
# disaster
We should deal with the difficulties caused by natural disaster immediately.
# discharge
Do you know the reason why he was discharged?
# discipline
All the students in the school must observe the school discipline which was made by the headmaster.
# discount
It's a good way to promote the products by discounting all its slow-selling goods.
# ethnic
In my opinion, people from different ethnic groups should unite to make the world more beautiful.
# evade
I did not know why he kept on evading the issue.
# evolution
As we all know, the evolution of man is a long and complicated process.
# exaggerate
Being a doctor, you have to tell the truth, never exaggerate, never conceal.
# examine
This time the doctor will examine you more carefully.
# exclaim
The children exclaimed with excitement on hearing the news.
# exclusive
I want to apply for an exclusive right to sell this brand of shoes.
# execute
Who did you send to execute the command?
# fairy
It is said that a cowherd fell in love with a fairy and they got married at last.
# faith
I bet that nothing can make hism lose his faith in dream.
# faithful
As I always say, a faithful friend helps you in times of trouble.
# fancy
The girl was born with a sliver spoon in her mouth, and she always has so many fancy clothes.
# farewell
I gave Lisa a necklace as a farewell present, and she was so ecastatic that she burst into tears.
# fascinate
My nephew was fascinated with the new toy I bought for him.
# fastener
The fastener on my blouse broke, please do me a favor and find it.
# fatal
This kind of snake can excrete fatal venom, which can cause a person to die in less than five minutes.
# fate
I am not the person who is very easy to admit defeat and accept fate.
# fatigue
I hate to work overtime, for it always leaves me at fatigue.
# favorable
We expect to get a favorable weather when we hold our sports meeting.