# Xerox
The offices are crammed with humming Xerox machines.
# Xmas
A merry Xmas to all our friends!
# X-ray
All hand baggage would be X-rayed during the special period.
# escalate
No one wants to escalate the contradiction, but we do not know how to resolve the problem.
# establish
I wonder when this university was established.
# estate
Mr.Black has a big estate, where many poor men are hired and worked for him.
# ethic
I really appreciate that you are a staunch supporter of the work ethic.
# erode
The sea has eroded the bank over the years.
# eradicate
I decided to use herbicide to eradicate weeds in the farm in two months.
# entertainer
What do you think of the occupation of being an entertainer?
# enquire
He promised me that he would help to enquire the whereabouts of my lost child.
# foul
He was suspended for he fouled many times in games.
# fraction
Write down the numerator and denominator of this fraction.
# fragrance
What pretty flowers, and they are shedding fragrance.
# freckle
Her face is covered with freckles, and she worried about it.
# freight
Railway departments have been hit by plunging passenger numbers and railway freight volumes since last spring.
# frighten
In some countries, people always believe that we can use crackers to frighten away evil spirits.
# froth
The girl was scared to see her dog forth at the mouth.
# frown
The teacher frowned angrily at the noisy class, but she said nothing and left.
# fullback
Dave dribbled past the fullback but he failed to score a goal.
# full stop
A full stop is usually put at the end of the sentence.
# soil
To tell you the truth, I have never seen such barren soil.
# soybean = soya
Mowadays soybean is regarded as a  healthful food.
# appetite
The pregnant woman has a poor appetite, but she still managed to eat more for her baby.
# appoint
He had never expected that he would be appointed as chairperson.
# approximation
I've worked out the approximation of cost that we spent on food.
# archery
He is sure that no one can match him in archery, but his coach does not believe it.
# architecture
 My elder brother majors in architecture, but he doesn't like it at all.
# carpenter
He left school and was apprenticed to a carpenter.
# carriage
We'll be sitting in the second carriage from the bottom of the train.
# cart
William, lying in his cart with his feet sticking out, watched what happened in the street with a dull grin.
# carving 
He put many carvings on the shelf of his study to show his taste.
# cruel
My son's cruel remarks cut me deeply, and I cried for a whole night.
# cruise
The liner will make a round-the-world cruise next week.
# crystal
My cousin like the crystal ornaments very much, so I plan to buy her one this time.
# cucumber
The girl has developed the habit of eating cucumber as her dinner, because her friend told her that it would be helpful to lose weight.
# cultivate
It is estimated that more than half of the land can't be cultivated.
# cultural relics
According to the law, stealing cultural relics is a crime.
# cupboard
You'd better lock the cupboard, or the child will open it and steal the biscuits.
# curriculum
I am going to write a curriculum planning and I want you to give me some suggestions.
# curry
I seasoned beef with curry.
# curve
The police found that the wall is full of mysterious curves.
# cushion
When I entered, I saw the old man kneeling on cushion to pray.
# customs
A customs officer told her that her visa had expired and she couldn't return to America.
# cutlery
The man is teaching his girlfriend carefully how to use cutlery in a western restaurant.
# daisy
A lot of wild daisies are spotted by the villagers on the hill.
# damp
The wood is too damp to burn, so we have to find other ways to set fire.
# dart
He played dart very well in the bar, which attracted the attention of a young lady.
# detain
He was detained by the police officer for his illegal demonstration.
# detective
Sherlock Holmes is a famous detective in this detective novel.
# deter
Do you think that severe punishment can help deter crimes?
# devaluation
Under the influence of  devaluation, we begin to realize that the goods are very expensive.
# deviation
The professor tells me that we cannot permit any deviation in scientific research.
# diagnose
Our challenge is how to diagnose this kind of disease in unborn children.
# dignified
Mother said that my brother looked dignified in his new uniform.
# diligent
There is no doubt that Mary is very diligent in school, which can be seen from her performance in exam.