The police shot the ferocious gangster dead.
shooter     shooting        shooting gallery        shot        shotgun

He successed in his attempt to swim across the English Channel. 

he is a kind-hearted mechant, and full of enthusiasn about charity.

To tell the truth, your optimisim is your greatest charm.

My father often chattered to us about his adventures as a young man.

The rabbit was pursued by the bound and ran quickly to the forest.

The foreman reminds the workers that the remains of the wooden hull are fragile  and need special handling.

From what he said, we know that he will support humanitarian.

These animals feed mainly on berries when winter comes.

How long will it take you to bind a book?

The biography of Benjamin Franklin impressed me most.

This bird has a special kind of beak, which has aroused the interest of biologists. 

She bought some flowers to beautify her office, and this brought a warm atmosphere for the entire room.

According to her father's will, she is the chief beneficiary.

Have you ever heard about the story of race between the hare and the turtle.

The truck was so heavy that the bridge was ruined.

I have to wear a belt to make my trousers stay up.

The hostess carried a cup of tea on a tray, and I expressed my gratitude.

Some small states can be unified into one country to resist the invasion of powerful countries.

Ultrasound showed she was expecting triplets.

She felt embarrassed to see the holes in her underwear.

It seems that you are  uneasy about my decision.

The girl had a virulent hostility toward her step-mother and did't speak a word to her.

Generally speaking, a hovercraft is lighter than other boats.

The necklace stone with every hue under the sun.

My father has learned animal husbandry in his youth.

The mixture is allowed to hydrate for approximately 3 minutes.

Water is composed of hydrogen and oxygen.

The local council gave awards to these young people who saved the drowning boy.

Please keep the coupon so that you can get your next bool cheaper.

The boss likes Fanny because she is courageous in telling the truth.

Have you ever read the coverage of that great event?

We kept correspondence for years, so we are still friends despite that we have not met since graduation.

These iron tools will corrode with rust if never used.

Our planet is only a small part of the cosmos, and life might exist in somewhere of the vast universe.

I want you to help me choose a costume, because I have a masquerade tonigtht.

this was  the first time I came to the country, and those simple cottages attracted me.
